[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see how
to create a Brightcove player.
The Players module
provides an easy to use
interface for creating
and configuring players.
To access the Players
module, select Players
from the navigation menu.
The body of the
page will display
all the players in the account.
By default, all accounts will
have a Brightcove default
player created.
A lot of times, I'll use
this player for testing.
You're free to use and
style this default player.
But in this video, I want to
create my own player to use.
To create a player,
I'll click on Add player
and then give the player a
name and short description.
It's helpful to add
a short description.
As you create
additional players,
the description is a
good way to indicate
where the player is used
or even what features
are enabled for the player.
When I'm done, I'll click Save.
Clicking on a player name will
open the Player Properties
page where you can see
all the player properties.
To return to the
list of players,
click Back to Players in the
top left corner of the page.